Here is the background information on your task
An online retail store has hired you as a consultant to review their data and provide insights that would be valuable to the CEO and CMO
of the business. The business has been performing well and the management wants to analyse what the major contributing factors are to the 
revenue so they can strategically plan for next year.

The leadership is interested in viewing the metrics from both an operations and marketing perspective. Management also intends to expand
the business and is interested in seeking guidance into areas that are performing well so they can keep a clear focus on what’s working. 
They would also like to view different metrics based on the demographic information that is available in the data.

A meeting with the CEO and CMO has been scheduled for next month and you need to draft the relevant analytics and insights that would help 
evaluate the current business performance and suggest metrics that would enable them to make the decision on expansion.

Remember, thinking from the perspective of business leaders allows you to analyse the data more effectively and present better insights.

To prepare for your meeting, you need to draft questions that you think will be important and relevant to the CEO and CMO. This preparation 
will be your guide as you develop your presentation.

For this task, you are only required to draft the questions. Make sure to think both quantitatively and qualitatively.

You’ve been provided a dataset in the resources below to use as the basis for your exploration. Review this data, taking note of what 
information has been provided, what insights you can garner, and what is relevant to both the CEO and CMO respectively.

a set of four questions that you anticipate each business leader will asked and want to know the answers to.

Questions for CEO:

In which region are your products are generating more revenue?
Do you observe any seasonal trends for your products?
Are our revenue dependent on the top customers or else they diversified?
which months generate the lowest revenue? and why? 

Questions for CMO:

what is the average duration taking for a customer to buy again any of the product?
Who are the top 20% customers revenue and what are the top 5 products they are buying frequently?
what is a top region that customers buying your any of your products?
are there are any conditions that affecting the sales despite of effective promotions of some low monetary products during some timelines?




Data Visualisation: Empowering Business with Effective Insights => day-1 Virtual TCS internship
task-1 => framing the businss senario:
questions that I think will be important to analyse what are the major contributing factors are to the revenue
and relevant to the CEO and CMO so they can strategically plan for next year.

The leadership is interested in viewing the metrics from both an operations and marketing perspective. Management also intends
to expand the business and is interested in seeking guidance into areas that are performing well so they can keep a clear focus 
on what’s working. They would also like to view different metrics based on the demographic information that is available in the data.

Questions for CEO:

1. In which region are your products are generating more revenue?
2. Do you observe any seasonal trends for your products?
3. Are our revenue dependent on the top customers or else they diversified?
4. which months generate the lowest revenue? and why? 

Questions for CMO:

1. what is the average duration taking for a customer to buy again any of the product?
2. Who are the top 20% customers revenue and what are the top 5 products they are buying frequently?
3. what is a top region that customers buying your any of your products?
4. are there are any conditions that affecting the sales despite of effective promotions of some low monetary products during some timelines?



